Refactor SPH system initialization to use keyword arguments (#1144)
trixi-framework/TrixiParticles.jl: NEWS.md

  by default and can be enabled with the keyword argument `clip_negative_pressure=true` (#1143).
- Return type of `vtk2trixi` changed to `NamedTuple` including an optional
  `:initial_condition` field if `create_initial_condition=true` is passed (#959).
- Public system constructors now use keyword arguments for configuration values.
  This affects `WeaklyCompressibleSPHSystem`, `EntropicallyDampedSPHSystem`,
  `ImplicitIncompressibleSPHSystem`, `TotalLagrangianSPHSystem`, `DEMSystem`,
  and `BoundaryDEMSystem`.

> #### Migration Guide for Keyword-Only System Constructors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Migration Guide for Keyword-Based System Constructors
```
Not only keywords.

The initial condition remains the only positional argument for the affected system
constructors. All method, material, and configuration arguments that were previously
passed positionally now need to be passed as keywords.
Existing optional keyword arguments remain available. For example, the
`density_calculator` keyword of `EntropicallyDampedSPHSystem` still defaults to
`SummationDensity()`.

> Use these rewrites, where `ic` is the initial condition, `kernel` is the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are examples, where `ic` is the initial condition, `kernel` is the
```

Reviewer: Or "Use these examples"
